Police notice
Lin's Group Chairperson Temporary and
His daughter died at home
During the period of not going abroad
Jia Lan and Wang Yu
He has been torturing history and his daughter by all means
Wang Yushi's pain will be repaid doubly
Then I can go see Shishi
He will surely praise me
Ah, dear.
Mr. Jia seems to have crashed
Miss, are you all right?
Sorry about that.
Please bear with me.
I'll briefly help you deal with it first.
I'll call you for an ambulance soon
Don't go
Don't worry, I'll be with you the whole time.
Ayue has always been very kind
Saw injured animals on the road
Will take home to take care of
It hasn't changed at all
I'm here to touch porcelain
Tell the police or lose money until he goes bankrupt
Or let him go to jail
Are you all right?
I'm sorry, I actually bumped into you on purpose
I have something to tell you.
I will definitely try my best to help you.
This kid looks exactly like a kid
So kind
What should I do if I am deceived?
Fortunately it's me
Miss, please come with us
Don't worry, Miss.
They'll take you to the hospital for a checkup first
Jiang Yu, what I want to tell you is
I'm the fiancee appointed by your temporary aunt
Pardon me?